Welcome to Intramuros, Manila's storied walled city.
We begin at Plaza Roma, the civic heart framed by Manila Cathedral.
Imagine horse-drawn carriages clip-clopping along cobblestone streets.
Next stop: Fort Santiago, sentinel of Manila's harbor.
Reflect at the Rizal Shrine, honoring José Rizal's final steps.
Follow the ramparts for panoramic views of the Pasig River skyline.
Don't miss San Agustin Church, the only UNESCO-listed Baroque church inside the walls.
Recharge with tsokolate and ensaymada at an ancestral casa courtyard.
As dusk approaches, Intramuros glows with lanterns and live serenades.
End your loop back at Plaza Moriones—capturing the city that endures.